Alex, guess what, you're pregnant.
What?
Are you sure this can't be right?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Aren't you happy?
Are you really not repulsed by me now?
It was you who arranged Emily's Insta in the attic seven years ago, wasn't it?
Even if I said it wasn't, would you still believe me?
It's time to blow this whole thing wide open.
model?
I don't know something wrong.
No, sweetheart. We didn't do anything wrong.
We're just not going to see Henry for a while, okay?
They are so sad.
We'll be okay.
As long as we have each other, that's all that matters, right?
Emily. Emily, Emily. Emily, Emily, Emily.
Here to somebody with this child.
Buddy. Is your dad Mr. Anderson or is that someone else?
What's going on?
Emily, are you Mr. Anderson's ex-girlfriend?
You're gonna be too broke up. Can you tell us why?
Take a look at these! These photos!
Can Mr. Anderson break up with you because of this?